ABIDE I phenotype data conversion (#34)
ericearl/dataset-phenotypes: ABIDE_I/README.md

1. The entries for `FIQ`, `VIQ`, and `PIQ` were "manually" adjusted to have simplified `Description` and no more `Levels`.
1. The entries for `FIQ_TEST_TYPE`, `VIQ_TEST_TYPE`, and `PIQ_TEST_TYPE` were "manually" adjusted to include better values in each level of the `Levels` and a shorted `Description`.
1. You can review the exact manual fixes toward the bottom of the `dictionary.py` script.

## Steps to convert this study's phenotype data file from CSV to TSV format

1. Log in on [NITRC repository](https://www.nitrc.org/account/login.php). Register for an account, if you don't already have one.
2. Download raw phenotype data from [ABIDE I page](http://www.nitrc.org/frs/downloadlink.php/4912).

> 3. Run the following line of code within `ABIDE_I/` subfolder with appropriate file paths in place of `<INPUT_FILE>` and `<OUTPUT_DIR>`:

Reviewer: I try to keep the README style similar.

```suggestion
1. Log in on [NITRC repository](https://www.nitrc.org/account/login.php). Register for an account, if you don't already have one.
1. Download raw phenotype data from [ABIDE I page](http://www.nitrc.org/frs/downloadlink.php/4912).
1. Run the following line of code within `ABIDE_I/` subfolder with appropriate file paths in place of `<INPUT_FILE>` and `<OUTPUT_DIR>`:
```

    ```
    python data_convert.py -i <INPUT_FILE> -o <OUTPUT_DIR>
    ```
    **NOTE** <INPUT_FILE> should be the path to file downloaded in step 2. 
    
## Notes about data conversion script

> 1. The `ADI_RRB_TOTAL_C` field has been renamed to `ADI_R_RRB_TOTAL_C` to match the one in `dictionary.json`.
> 2. The `ADOS_GOTHAM_SOCAFFECT` field has been renamed to `ADOS_GOTHAM_SOC_AFFECT` to match the one in `dictionary.json`.

Reviewer: Keeping the README style similar.

```suggestion
1. The `ADI_RRB_TOTAL_C` field has been renamed to `ADI_R_RRB_TOTAL_C` to match the one in `dictionary.json`.
1. The `ADOS_GOTHAM_SOCAFFECT` field has been renamed to `ADOS_GOTHAM_SOC_AFFECT` to match the one in `dictionary.json`.
```
